"todo mate" Terms of Use

"todo mate" and "todo mate" related to the use of services related to the requirements are defined.

Article 1 [Purpose)
These Terms and Conditions shall be governed by the "todo mate" and the rights and duties of Members in connection with the use of the "todo mate" and "todo mate" services provided by "todo mate" And responsibilities, and other necessary matters.

Article 2 (Definitions)
Terms used in these Terms are as follows.
① "Service" shall mean any service related to "todo mate" and "todo mate" which can be used by "Members" regardless of the terminal (including various wired and wireless devices such as PC, TV, It means.
② "Member" means a customer who accesses the "Service" of "todo mate" and concludes a contract with "todo mate" in accordance with these Terms and uses "Service" provided by "todo mate" .
③ "E-mail" means the combination of letters and numbers approved by "Member" and approved by "todo mate" for the identification of "Member" and "Service"
④ "Password" means the combination of letters or numbers that the "Member" has determined for the purpose of securing the confidentiality of the Member and confirming that it is a "Member" that matches the "ID" granted by the Member.
⑦ The term "post" shall mean any article, photograph, video, and various files in the form of information such as code, text, voice, sound, image, video, etc. posted on the "Service" Links and so on.

Article 3 (Publication and Amendment of Terms)
① "todo mate" will post on the initial screen of the service so that "member" can easily understand the contents of this agreement.
② "todo mate" may be amended to the extent that it does not violate the relevant laws such as the "Regulation of the Terms of Use", "Information Communication Network Promotion and Information Protection Act" (hereinafter referred to as " .
③ If "todo mate" is amended, the date of application and reasons for revision shall be specified and notified from the 30th day before the effective date of the revised terms to the day before the effective date, However, in case of amendment of the terms unfavorable to the member, we will notify the member through electronic means such as e-mail, e-mail, and consent window when signing in for a certain period of time.
④ If "todo mate" is notified or notified in accordance with the preceding paragraph and the member is clearly notified or notified that the intention is expressed within 30 days, If you do not indicate your intention, you will be deemed to have accepted the revised terms.
⑤ If the member disagrees with the application of the revised terms, "todo mate" can not apply the contents of the revised terms, and in this case, the member can cancel the contract. However, if there are special circumstances in which the existing terms can not be applied, "todo mate" may terminate the use agreement.

Article 4 (Interpretation of Terms)
① "todo mate" may have separate Terms and Conditions (hereinafter, "Individual Terms of Service") for individual services, and if the contents conflict with these terms, "individual terms of service" It applies.
② Any matters not defined in these Terms and Interpretations shall be subject to "Individual Terms of Service" and related laws or practices.

Article 5 (Contract of Use)
① The use contract is concluded by a person who wants to become a "member" (hereinafter "applicant") agrees to the contents of the agreement and applies for membership, and "todo mate" approves the application. In addition, Applicant is deemed to have valid and irrevocable consent to the Terms by actually using the Service.
② If the applicant is a minor, he / she can use this service after obtaining the consent of legal guardian such as parental guardian. In addition, if Customer uses this Service for Business, such Businesses may also use this Service after agreeing to these Terms.
③ "todo mate" is the principle of accepting the use of "service" for the application of "applicant for membership". However, "todo mate" may not approve or cancel the use contract after the following application.
1. If the applicant has previously lost his / her membership in accordance with the terms of this agreement, except when he / she obtains the approval of re-membership of "todo mate".
2. If the information you entered at the time of application is not a real name or uses someone's name
3. Failure to provide false information or fail to provide information provided by "todo mate"
4. If a child under the age of 19 does not obtain the consent of a legal representative (parent, etc.) at the time of application
5. If the user is unable to approve due to reasons attributable to the user or violates other prescribed matters.
④ In the application under Paragraph 1, "todo mate" can ask for confirmation of the real name through the specialized agency according to the type of "member" and request for identification.
⑤ "todo mate" may reserve acceptance if there is no room for service related facilities, technical or business problems.
⑥ If you do not accept or reserve the application for membership in accordance with Paragraphs 2 and 4, "todo mate" will in principle notify the applicant of the application.
⑦ When the contract of use is established, "todo mate" is the time when the application is completed.
⑧ "todo mate" can be differentiated according to "todo mate" policy for "members" by classifying usage time, number of usage, service menu and so on. "todo mate" may limit or restrict the "Members" in order to comply with the ratings and age in accordance with the Act on the Promotion of Movies and Videos and the Juvenile Protection Act.

Article 6 (Change of Member Information)
① The "Member" must notify the "todo mate" by the method of Article 9 (3) if the items listed at the time of application for membership change or need to be revised.
② "todo mate" is not responsible for the disadvantages caused by not notifying the changes of Paragraph 1 to "todo mate".

Article 7 (Obligation to protect personal information)
① "todo mate" strives to protect the personal information of "members" as stipulated by related laws such as "Information and Communication Network Act". todo mate is not responsible for any damage caused by illegal invasion of third parties or personal information infringement.
② The protection and use of personal information is subject to the relevant laws and the personal information processing policy of "todo mate". However, in the linked sites other than the "todo mate", the "todo mate" does not apply to the personal information processing policy, and "todo mate" does not have an obligation to protect the information.
③ "Member" agrees to the "todo mate" Privacy Policy.

Article 8 (Obligations to Manage "Membership" "ID" and "Password")
① The responsibility for the management of the "ID" and "password" of the "member" belongs to the "member" and should not be used by a third party.
② "todo mate" means that if the "Member" "ID" is concerned about the leakage of personal information, the anti-social or anti-social or "todo mate" and "todo mate" You may restrict the use of such "ID" without your consent.
③ "Member" should immediately notify "todo mate" and follow the instructions of "todo mate" if it recognizes that "ID" and "Password" are stolen or used by a third party.
④ "todo mate" shall not be held responsible for any disadvantage caused by not following the instructions of "todo mate" even if the member does not notify or notify the "todo mate" .

Article 9 (Notice to Members)
① If "todo mate" gives notice to "Member", it may be e-mail, electronic mail, etc. in the service unless otherwise specified in these Terms and Conditions.
② "todo mate" may be replaced with the notification in Paragraph 1 by posting on the board of "todo mate" for 7 days or more in case of notice to the whole "member".
③ "Member" shall notify "todo mate" to the following e-mail address for notification and communication regarding service, and shall not accept any other method as a service.
Email address: https://www.facebook.com/todo matepage
Contact person: Kang Yoon Sik

Article 10 (Obligation of "todo mate")
① "todo mate" does not prohibit the relevant laws and the terms of this agreement, and does not violate the moral and customs, and endeavor to provide "service" continuously and reliably.
② "todo mate" shall have a security system to protect personal information (including credit information) so that "members" can use "service" safely and disclose and observe personal information processing policy.
③ "todo mate" makes efforts to properly handle user complaints or remedy requests related to the use of the service.
④ "todo mate" should deal with opinions or complaints raised by "members" in connection with the use of the service if it is justified. For opinions or complaints submitted by "Members", we use the bulletin board or send e-mails to process "Member" and the results.

Article 11 (Obligations of Members)
① "Member" shall not do the following acts.
1. Registration of false contents when applying or changing
2. Information stealing of others
3. Change of information posted by "todo mate"
4. Sending or posting information (computer programs, etc.) other than information set by "todo mate"
5. Infringement of intellectual property rights such as "todo mate" and other third party's copyright
6. Acts that impair the "todo mate" and other third parties' honor or disrupt work;
7. Disclosing or posting to the Service any information that is contrary to obscene or violent messages, images, voices,
8. Using "Services" for commercial purposes without the consent of "todo mate"
9. Other illegal or unlawful acts
10. Any acts against EULA: https://www.apple.com/legal/internet-services/itunes/dev/stdeula/
11. All members who have committed this act will immediately cease to use and will not be able to recover.
② "Member" shall comply with the relevant laws, the provisions of this agreement, the instructions for use, and the notice notified in relation to the "Service", the notice of "todo mate", and other "todo mate" Do not engage in obstructive activities.

Article 12 (Provision of "Services")
① "todo mate" provides members with "todo mate" service and other services developed by "todo mate".
② "todo mate" can divide "service" into a certain range and specify the available time for each range separately. However, in such cases, the contents will be announced in advance.
③ "Service" is provided 24 hours a day, seven days a week.
④ "todo mate" may temporarily suspend the provision of "Service" if there is a maintenance, replacement or breakdown of information and communication equipment such as computer, communication failure, In this case, "todo mate" shall be notified to the "Member" in the manner prescribed in Article 9 Clause 1 or 2. However, if there is an unavoidable reason that "todo mate" can not be notified in advance, it can be notified afterwards.
⑤ "todo mate" can be checked regularly if necessary to provide the service, and the regular inspection time will follow the notification on the service providing screen.

Article 13 (Change of "Service")
① "todo mate" may change all or some of the "Services" provided for operational and technical needs, if for any reason.
② If there is a change in the content, usage method, and usage time of the "service", the reason for the change, the content of the service to be changed, and the date of service should be posted on the initial screen of the service before the change.
③ "todo mate" may modify, discontinue or modify some or all of the services provided free of charge to the policy and operation requirements of "todo mate".

Article 14 (Provision of Information)
① "todo mate" can provide various kinds of information that "member" is considered necessary while using "service" to "member" by way of notice or e-mail. However, "Member" may refuse to accept e-mail at any time, except for information related to transactions and related inquiries such as customer inquiries.
④ "Users (including members and non-members)" does not take any action to change, modify, limit, etc., posts or other information related to services provided by "todo mate".

Article 15 (Copyright of "Post")
① The copyright of the "post" posted by "member" in the "service" belongs to the author of the post.
② "Posts" posted by "Members" in the Service may be exposed to search results or "services" and related promotions, and may be modified, duplicated, edited and posted to the extent necessary for such exposure. In this case, "todo mate" is in compliance with copyright law, and "Member" may at any time request "todo mate" to remove such posts, exclude search results, or make them private.
③ "todo mate" means that if you want to use "posts" of "members" in a manner other than Paragraph 2, you must obtain the consent of "members" in advance through telephone, fax or e-mail.

Article 16 (Management of "Posts")
① If the "post" of the "member" includes contents that are in violation of relevant laws such as "Information and Communication Network Act" and "Copyright Act", the right holder may request to stop or delete the "post" , "todo mate" must take action in accordance with relevant laws.
② "todo mate" means a warning about the "post" in accordance with the relevant law if there is a reason for the violation of the right or the other "todo mate" , Request clarification, temporarily disable, permanently disable, and so forth.
③ The detailed procedures under this section shall be subject to the procedures and methods set by the "todo mate" within the scope of "Information Communication Network Act" and "Copyright Act".
④ Any inappropriate content will be removed within 24 hours by the developer of the service

Article 17 (Ownership of Rights)
① Copyright and intellectual property rights to "Service" belong to "todo mate". However, we exclude "posts" from "members" and the works provided under the partnership agreement.
② "todo mate" shall give the "Member" only the right to use the account, "ID", and contents in accordance with the use conditions set by "todo mate" in relation to the service, Sale, or providing collateral.

Article 18 (Termination, termination, etc.)
① "Member" may apply for termination of use contract to "todo mate" at any time, and "todo mate" shall deal with it promptly as stipulated by relevant laws.
② In the event of termination of the "Membership", all data of "Member" will be terminated immediately upon termination, unless the "todo mate" holds the member information in accordance with the related laws and the personal information processing policy.
③ If "member" terminates the contract, any information related to this, such as posts and comments registered in your account, will be deleted. However, postings will not be deleted by posting by others, scrapped, etc., or publicly or privately posted posts of the user will not be deleted.

Article 19 (Restrictions on Use, etc.)
① "todo mate" may restrict the use of "Service" by warning, pause, permanent suspension of use, etc. in case the "Member" violates the obligations of this Agreement or interrupts the normal operation of the "Service" .
(2) "todo mate" means, despite the preceding paragraph, the provision of illegal programs in violation of the "Resident Registration Act", the violation of the "Copyright Act" and the "Computer Program Protection Act" In the event of any violation of applicable laws such as communication and hacking, distribution of malicious programs, excess access rights, etc., you can immediately suspend your use of the software. In the event of permanent suspension under this subsection, all benefits related to the use of the Services will be destroyed and the todo mate will not be compensated.
③ "todo mate" can restrict the use of the member information for the protection of the member information and the operation efficiency if the "member" does not log in for more than 3 months continuously.
④ "todo mate" shall be subject to the terms and conditions of use within the limits of use of this section as set out in the Usage Restriction Policy and the Operational Policies on Individual Services.
⑤ In the event of restricting or terminating the use of the Service in accordance with this Section, todo mate shall be notified pursuant to Section 9.
⑥ "Member" may file an appeal in accordance with the procedures set forth by "todo mate" regarding the restrictions on use under this section. If the "todo mate" acknowledges the objection at this time, "todo mate" immediately resumes the use of the Service.

Article 20 (Limitation of Liability)
① "todo mate" is exempted from responsibility for providing "service" if it can not provide "service" due to natural disasters or force majeure.
② "todo mate" is not responsible for the obstacles of using the "Service" due to the cause of the member.
③ "todo mate" shall not be held responsible for the contents of the information, data, facts, credibility and accuracy of the "member" in relation to the "service".
④ "todo mate" shall be exempted from liability for "transactions" between "members" or "members" and third parties through "service".
⑤ "todo mate" does not bear any legal responsibility for the use of the services provided free of charge.

Article 21 (Governing Law and Judgment)
① The lawsuits raised between "todo mate" and "Member" are subject to the laws of the Republic of Korea.
② Any dispute arising between "todo mate" and "Member" shall be brought under exclusive jurisdiction of the Seoul Central District Court.

Addendum
① This agreement will be effective from July 11, 2017.

End.
